the collaborator of ya es mediodía has
been the great protagonist of her
patchteng we have gotten involved where in a
chat with the guest Alexia Rivas she
revealed all the details of her thing
with Jorge and how she's been doing these
last few days I've cried a lot this
week Yesterday I cried a lot and my
stomach hurts a lot I'm like in
disarray But not because of everything that's
happening but because I feel disappointed
with things and with people I feel that there are
coworkers who have not
behaved well and because of machismo
Alba has been very disappointed with
Jorge she defines him as a man
who acts in a sexist way and with
indifference or disdain towards
gender equality this man is good And he is my
friend or was my friend because I have
realized that I am protecting
him and he is protecting me a little from what I am
finding out he was not my close friend but I did
consider him a friend and in things he is
leaving me at the mercy of the horses and well
anyway
and then what if I speak after these words
Alba of course that is what has
hurt the most  that I said behind my back about I
took off, I don't know what, take
responsibility for yourself a little bit. Face the
woman, it's that I did wrong and I feel
bad and you're doing wrong to me
too because you're leaving me that you didn't
want to and Yes You Wanted. He continues to
maintain that there was no kiss and I continue to
tell people that I refer to the
images with this. Alba apparently wanted to
make it clear that the kiss did exist and
probably something more. She also assured
that she sent him a message. I'm going to stop
protecting him because he's already touching me
and then you find out what he's saying
behind his back. And you say like this. I'm going out there to stand
up for you, protecting you. Well,
now you're going to hold your candle, handsome. She
commented despite the fact that Jorge Pérez
maintains that there was no kiss. Alba Carrillo
maintains that it's clear that what
happened happened because they both wanted to. With this, she makes it
clear that something happened, there was a
joint neck throw and I'm fed up, enough is
enough because I was throwing myself at me. The
Telecinco collaborator also told about
the support she had received in the midst of the
controversy. Dulce canta la piedra or Ester
Doña who  They have written and they have been
great surprises And as always Fidel
because he never fails me acknowledged
confirming the good relationship he
has with Rocío Carrasco and her husband
called me Fidel and not Rocío but I think he
did it in the name of both of us because
when I broke my arm he called me Rocío
and not Fidel but Fidel is always always always always
there and I tell him that I have to
love you and I eat you
when they say bad things about him I have to say you
are mongoloids he told me Don't
let them ask you for it you haven't done
anything and he is the one who is responsible